# pubs-llms

A repository of my academic publications converted to LLM-friendly text-only Markdown.

A browsable list of publications can be found [below](#publications). This list is autogenerated from the bibtex citation details embedded within the full text Markdown file for each publication.

## Disclaimer

The conversion to Markdown is largely automatic with little (no!) human oversight. The foundation models are pretty amazing but there *are* errors. Common errors include:

* missing or repeated text,
* missing or incomplete equations,
* missing values or incomplete tables (especially column headings), and
* image descriptions missing or misrepresenting parts of a figure.

Generally, agents and LLMs consuming the Markdown are pretty robust to these types of errors -- they generally don't alter the interpretation of the paper. *BUT*, always verify key assumptions, critical results and conclusions against the original PDFs.

Report an error by raising a GitHub issue and I will endeavour to correct it.

<details>
<summary>Colophon</summary>
Papers are converted from PDF to Markdown using <a href="https://github.com/cnuahs/docker-inscriber/">inscriber</a>; <a href="https://github.com/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-OCR/">DeepSeek OCR</a> for text and figure/table extraction, and then <a href="https://ai.google.dev/gemma/docs/core/">Gemma 4 E4B</a> to generate text descriptions of figures and convert tables from html to Markdown.
</details>

<!-- PUBLICATIONS_START -->
## Publications

### 2026

- Hallum, L.E., Cloherty, S.L. (**2026**). **Improve harms reporting in trials of microelectronic retinal implants.** *Ther. Adv. Ophthalmol.*, 18, 25158414261422895.<br>
  [full text](pubs/hallum2026improve_full.md) | [main](pubs/hallum2026improve_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/hallum2026improve_backmatter.md)
- Higham, S.J. et al. (**2026**). **Boron‐Doped Nano‐Crystalline Coated Carbon Fibers for Phasic Dopamine Sensing** *Adv. Heal. Mater.*, 15, e03945.<br>
  [full text](pubs/higham2026borondoped_full.md) | [main](pubs/higham2026borondoped_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/higham2026borondoped_backmatter.md) | [appendix](pubs/higham2026borondoped_appendix.md)

### 2025

- D'Souza, J.F. et al. (**2025**). **Topographic Organization of Saccade-Related Response Field Properties in the Marmoset Posterior Parietal Cortex** *Eneuro*, 12.<br>
  [full text](pubs/d_souza2025topographic_full.md) | [main](pubs/d_souza2025topographic_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/d_souza2025topographic_backmatter.md)
- Hallum, L.E., Cloherty, S.L. (**2025**). **Harms associated with retinal implantation of a stimulating electrode array to treat outer-retinal degeneration: a systematic review and meta-analysis of safety** *Prog. Biomed. Eng.*, 7.<br>
  [full text](pubs/hallum2025harms_full.md) | [main](pubs/hallum2025harms_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/hallum2025harms_backmatter.md) | [appendix](pubs/hallum2025harms_appendix.md)
- Ramamoorthy, S. et al. (**2025**). **Prediction of Delirium Risk in Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Time-Series Data, Machine Learning and Comorbidity Patterns -- A Retrospective Study** *IEEE J. Biomed. Heal. Inform.*, 29, 8791-8798.<br>
  [full text](pubs/ramamoorthy2025prediction_full.md) | [main](pubs/ramamoorthy2025prediction_main.md) | [appendix](pubs/ramamoorthy2025prediction_appendix.md)

### 2023

- Yip, H.M.K. et al. (**2023**). **Ocular following responses of the marmoset monkey are dependent on postaccadic delay, spatiotemporal frequency, and saccade direction** *J. Neurophysiol.*, 130, 189-198.<br>
  [full text](pubs/yip2023ocular_full.md) | [main](pubs/yip2023ocular_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/yip2023ocular_backmatter.md)

### 2022

- Choy, C.S. et al. (**2022**). **Virtual Reality Assisted Motor Imagery for Early Post-Stroke Recovery: A Review** *IEEE Rev. Biomed. Eng.*, 16, 487-498.<br>
  [full text](pubs/choy2022virtual_full.md) | [main](pubs/choy2022virtual_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/choy2022virtual_backmatter.md)
- McFadyen, J.R. et al. (**2022**). **Robust Coding of Eye Position in Posterior Parietal Cortex despite Context-Dependent Tuning** *J. Neurosci.*, 42, 4116 - 4130.<br>
  [full text](pubs/mcfadyen2022robust_full.md) | [main](pubs/mcfadyen2022robust_main.md) | [backmatter](pubs/mcfadyen2022robust_backmatter.md)
<!-- PUBLICATIONS_END -->
